in this video I make this video
because a subscriber asked me
and he asked me to make a video of how
download and install the dragon ball z
Budokai Tenkaichi 3 is a very good game
and then I bring them to you all
and well I want to make an announcement that
Well, we're going, we're at 10
subscribers
that is not much but something starts
I hope you continue to support me
and good in total of all the videos of
all the videos we had thousand 910
visualizations
that is quite good and therefore
let's start with the video
first we go to day we are going to go
to the link that they leave in the description
the link is uploaded by mega
We are going to give you here where they are downloaded
the game weighs this three funds 25
gigabytes
I'm released
well
in about an hour and a half I was discharged I
and that but if you have an internet
Well, it will take them less and here
is dragon ball z budokai tenkaichi 3
totally portable so well you
We give to download I do not download it
because I already have it
Then once I 'm
excuse me if I eat all the lenses
which proposes a bit slow when I record
good and once downloaded is going to
stay a winrar file like this
this file we are going to click right
we give you a right click and we give you where
says extract here
and we start extracting in tarda as
about 5 minutes
I do not remove it because I already have it
then they will have a folder like
is
and in that folder the game will be already
completely complete
If you are a little slow, put
this configuration speak open this that
says of the dolphin dot exe we give
Double click
if you are going with the game you will
they go here to open this and they go here to
configuration
and they put the same configuration as me
if they want to pause the video so that
check
this general now display
game Cube
uy
directories
and plugins and once all the
We will give you a configuration where it says
okay
and to start playing we are going to give
here to play
and they would be initiated, the
game automatically
or also to start playing only
they give this icon that says
dragon ball z budokai tenkaichi three
xxi points
and well, this one
that would be the whole game works 100%
I hope you liked it remember
subscribe give like comment
share it with your friends
well
I hope you continue to help me continue in
this channel any game they want
just ask for melon and until next time